Assumptions / Business Rules
 
Line Table:
  Miles before will be populated when the row is created, but miles after will be null until the vehicle is returned
  Vehicle can only be returned to the location in which it was rented from.
  A line contains one and only one vehicle. 
  A vehicle can be in zero or many lines. 
  A line includes zero or many damages.
  A damage can be in zero or many lines. 
 
Vehicle Table:
  A car that is rented must be returned to the location from which it was rented. 
  A vehicle belongs to one and only one rental class.
  A rental class belongs to zero or many vehicles. 
  A vehicle can be bought from one and only one manufacturer.
  A manufacturer can sell one or many vehicles to us.
  A vehicle has one and only one location. 
  A location can have zero or many vehicles. 
  When a vehicles is returned, the number that is in MILES_AFTER will become the new mileage for that vehicle. 

Invoice Table:
  An invoice is made by one and only one location.
  A location has zero or many invoices.
  An invoice contains one or many lines.
  A line belongs to one and only one invoice. 
  An invoice is assigned to one and only one customer.
  A customer can have zero or many invoices. 

Employee Table:
  A employee works at zero or one locations.
  A location has zero or many employees. 
 
Other:
  There is a certain amount that you pay upfront when you first rent the vehicle. This is the BASE_PRICE from the RENTAL_CLASS table. When the vehicle is returned, you pay for the amount of days rented, miles driven and for any damages that might have been done. 
  If a customer does not return the vehicle within a certain day, they are charged for the next day no matter how far into the next day it is. 
  The days are based on when the customer checks out the vehicle. 
  When a vehicle is returned, all money that is due must be payed right then and there. 

-
MySQL / PHP Web Form

Clicking the button “Get Revenue” will output a below php form with Total Revenue by Location


 
